Joevi Adrian oroceo
877 Kasipagan St. Brgy. Plainview, Mandaluyong City, Philippines 1550 · +63 999 380 5783

             dreygonz@gmail.com           LinkedIn           ashvacuum.itch.io/       GitHub                                                               
A highly motivated, assertive and responsible individual offering 5 years of experience and a track record of getting things done and building upon foundations of codebases. I´m looking to expand my horizons by working with world-class teams and getting first hand experience in new environments while improving work ethic especially in the field of programming and specifically game development.


Experience
December 2024 – Present
Senior Game Developer, Stratton Studios
Optimized game performance by fixing critical bugs, reducing memory usage, and eliminating server crashes..
Created a clean, intuitive UI with customizable elements that enhanced player experience across different screen sizes.
Implemented stable multiplayer functionality allowing thousands of players to interact simultaneously in a shared game world.

March 2022 – Present
Part Time Instructor, CIIT Philippines
Implement classroom management techniques that promote critical thinking skills, strong work attitudes, and positive life values.
Use instructional technologies and innovations to enhance student learning.
Demonstrate mastery of the content and teaching skills of the subjects I teach.
Monitor student performance through clear and comprehensive standards transparent to the students, and provide helpful feedback for their improvement.

August 2023 – October 2024
Unreal Engine Game Programmer, Metasimz
Developed and optimized immersive games using Unreal Engine, ensuring seamless gameplay experiences.
Created and modified game play mechanics and features using C++ and Blueprints, translating design concepts into functional code.
Employed performance optimization techniques to achieve smooth game play on various devices, addressing bottlenecks and memory issues

November 2020 – August 2023
Game Programmer, Tic Toc Games
Program gameplay and application features in Unity for mobile and online games.
Collaborate closely with art and design team members to deliver polished, visually impressive, optimized games.
Work with production staff to identify technical risks and breakdown gameplay into user stories and scenarios.
Began working with AWS Services and implementing them into games
Greater proficiency with firebase development
Enhanced knowledge on java development with Unity via plug ins

June 2019 – November 2020
Junior Game Developer, Taktyl Studios
Worked with Web Developers and Backend developers to develop companion applications to enhance customer relations management with front-end applications
Spearheaded transition of backend API to use Azure PlayFab
Participated in product planning alongside management to provide estimates
Enhanced Skills in online Programming by working with Photon Realtime in proprietary software for virtual conferencing.


Education
BSc in Multimedia and Computing - Game Development, CIIT Philippines, Philippines

Finance Manager for the Student Council


Skills
HARD SKILLS 
PlayFab
PostgreSQL
Unity 3D
C#
Unreal Engine
Gameplay Ability System
C++
Node.js
Unity DOTS
Unity Multiplayer Networking
SOFT SKILLS
Presentation 
Communication
Analytical
Listening

Languages
                                            
English; Full professional proficiency








